Terms and Conditions
‘Superset’ is a product of Weblength Infonet Private Limited hereafter referred to as Greekturtle or ‘the company’

Superset is a platform that allows for colleges, students and companies to interact in a manner that streamlines the placement process.

Towards providing the optimum experience of the abovementioned platform , Superset may collect certain information about the users of the website and the Superset services.

Please read below the Privacy Policy of Superset that sets out the manner and terms of the treatment of the information so collected.

Information collected
Superset will be collecting the following information of the users at the time of signing up of the demo services creating an account and at points of transacting on the platform:

Name, Location, Designation, E-mail address, phone number as well as transaction history, cookies, browser information etc.
Superset is committed to protecting your personal information and strives to maintain the privacy of all personal information that Superset will have access to.

Personal information refers to any information from which your identity/the identity of a person is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained. All other data collected, such as transaction history, cookies, browser information etc. will be referred to as ‘Additional Information’

Together the Personal Information as well as the Additional Information shall be referred to as the Information

Accessing and updating customer information
The control of your personal information shall rest with you the user, you can access your relevant personal information, on record by accessing your ‘Profile’ section. If the information so linked to your profile is incorrect, you may update the information at the earliest. This can be done by editing your Profile information or sending an e-mail to operations@greekturtle.com

Utilisation of the Information
The Information collected will be used for the following purposes:

To verify your identity on the platform
For internal data analysis and marketing operations
To reach out to potential customers and offer them the best customised services through the platform
Ensure adherence to legal and regulatory requirements for prevention and detection of frauds and crimes amongst others
Disclosure of Information
Internal Use: Greekturtle and its employees may utilise the Information for the purposes as set out in the ‘Utilisation of the Information’ section.

Government agencies: Greekturtle may share any and all parts of the Information with Government agencies, administrative bodies, authorised law enforcement agencies, court, regulatory/governmental authority or any other organisation, individual or entity for the following reasons:

Verification of identity
Prevention, detection, investigation including but not limited to cyber incidents, prosecution and punishment of offences
To comply with applicable law, order, regulation, or government request
To enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violation.
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
For any other purpose as required by law, judicial or administrative order or regulation.
Security Practices and Procedures
Internal access to the Information is on a need-only basis. Further, employees and personnel of Greekturtle are bound by Code of Conduct and Confidentiality Policies which obligate them to protect the confidentiality of the Information.

Best efforts will be taken to ensure that the third parties to whom the Information is shared to enable Greekturtle to provide its services are also bound by the Privacy Confidentiality Policy that the company abides by. They are further obligated to maintain reasonable level of security practices and procedures in accordance with applicable law to ensure security of the Information

The Information shall be retained for as long as is required to provide the services to you, or as may be required for internal operations or as may be required by law.

